Added github workflows and minor changes (#768)
aws-observability/aws-otel-test-framework: centralized-sampling-tests/integration-tests/README.md

# Centralized Sampling Integration Tests

## Run
To run the integration tests there are three requirements for the tests
to successfully run.

> 1. There must be the ADOT collector running with
>    aws xray on port 2000, i.e. Collector running at http://localhost:2000.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. There must be the ADOT collector running with
   AWS X-Ray on port 2000, i.e. Collector running at http://localhost:2000.
```
